原文：
thanks for taking this interview, Mr. Lee you're welcome very much for your good report, my bad can we begin yeah ok, who is your favorite actor, Jackie Chan, who is your favourite actor, my favourite actress, do you only watch a film but my favourite?
谢谢你接受这次采访，李先生。非常欢迎你的好报告，我的坏消息，我们可以开始了吗？好的，谁是你最喜欢的演员，成龙，谁是我最喜欢的男演员，你只看电影，但我最喜欢吗？

三个问题：
1. When did you start starring in movies?
- I began to appear in films when I was only 6, I just played supporting roles in films later I didn't start a film until 3 years ago.
2. Has Jackie Chan had an impact on your career?
- Yes after my father brought me to watch a movie staring jackie chan when I was young I became interested kungfu and decided to be an actor like him.
3. What do you think is the most difficult thing as a kung fu actor?
- Sometimes i May get injured i practice and exercise every day in order to keep in good health and quick mind but injury is still unavailable.

五个问题：
1. who is Mr. lee's favorite actor?
- Jackie Chan
2. What films does MR lee like best?
- Kungfu(?)[ not sure ]
3. How old was MR lee when he began to act in a film?
- 6
4. When did MR lee become interested in kungfu?
- when he was young
5. What does MR lee do to keep in good health?
- He practice and exercise every day

故事复述：
{
  百度录音版本(缺失较多)：
Re turning the teddy bear our dog zip is always bringing things home for US to keep many of them were bears lambs and ducks we got the tr aditi day dad was reading the paper listen to this everybody he said to the person WHO took a teddy bear it's very sad then we all knew it was zip dad said that he could restore zips good name by giving the teddy bear back.But far the lights came on a man threw open the door, what is going on here, he called out, dad, didn't even try to answer, he just wanted to get away, then the man saw the bear, he shouted it that hoe, bad, can you get, he said, taking boys from babies.
}

[
  微软录音版本：
turning the teddy bear our dogs is always bring us to Keep many of them were bear slams and dark we could never find the honors One Day that was reading the paper Listen this everybody he said to the person containing bear from a child dragon please bring back toy bear our two year old son is very sad then we all knew it was zip get that he could restore zip good name by giving the teddy bear back for the paper has given the address but mom didn't think people believe him at last decided to wait until dark to pull bear at the front door almost work he put the gate he turned to walk away and Nothing to hear that started to Run but he didn't get very far the gate lights came on a men through open the door what is going on here he when the man software he showed that hope you get he said taking toys from babies
]